README.md, before:

# GameBoy

A Javascript Game Boy emulator. This is mostly a programming exercise to understand the inner workings of the Game Boy and work with some low-level bytes manipulations in JS.

Since there are already hundreds of perfectly functional Game Boy emulators (with dozens in JavaScript) this project has no particular ambition.

## Getting Started

The emulator is supposed to be run in a browser. An up to date *webpack* version is hosted on [this project's Github pages page](https://vpoupet.github.io/GameBoy/).

### Prerequisites

There are no prerequisites to run the project as it can be directly opened [in a browser](https://vpoupet.github.io/GameBoy/).

### Installing

All the JS code is in the `/src` directory. The file `/index.html` executes the script `/dist/main.js` that should be produced by *webpack*.

## Running the tests

There are no tests at the moment

## Authors

* **Victor Poupet** - *Initial work* - [vpoupet](https://github.com/vpoupet)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

JS files are now read directly as modules, without webpack

README.md, after:

# GameBoy

A Javascript Game Boy emulator. This is mostly a programming exercise to understand the inner workings of the Game Boy and work with some low-level bytes manipulations in JS.

Since there are already hundreds of perfectly functional Game Boy emulators (with dozens in JavaScript) this project has no particular ambition.

## Getting Started

The emulator is supposed to be run in a browser. It can be opened directly from [this project's Github pages link](https://vpoupet.github.io/GameBoy/).

### Prerequisites

There are no prerequisites to run the project as it can be directly opened in a browser either from [github pages](https://vpoupet.github.io/GameBoy/) or by opening the page `index.html` from a web server (because of cross origin requests, it cannot be opened as a local file).

## Running the tests

There are no tests at the moment

## Authors

* **Victor Poupet** - *Initial work* - [vpoupet](https://github.com/vpoupet)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
